CNV-20429: Updated latency check documentation (#50187)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-measuring-latency-vm-secondary-network.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc wait job kubevirt-vm-latency-checkup -n kiagnose --for condition=complete --timeout 6m
----

> . Review the results of the latency checkup by retrieving the status of the `ConfigMap` object. If the maximum measured latency is greater than the value of the `spec.param.max_desired_latency_milliseconds` attribute, the checkup fails and returns an error.

Reviewer: I know the docs aren't super consistent with this, but the contrib guide still includes this guidance so I feel compelled to mention it:
```
If a step in a procedure is to run a command, make sure that the step text includes an explicit instruction to "run" or "enter" the command. In most cases, use one of the following patterns to introduce the code block:

<Step description> by running the following command:

<Step description> by entering the following command:

<Step description>, run the following command:

<Step description>, enter the following command:
```

  spec.timeout: 5m
  spec.serviceAccountName: vm-latency-checkup-sa
  spec.param.network_attachment_definition_namespace: "default"
  spec.param.network_attachment_definition_name: "bridge-network"
  spec.param.max_desired_latency_milliseconds: "10"
  spec.param.sample_duration_seconds: "5"
  spec.param.source_node: "worker1"
  spec.param.target_node: "worker2"
  status.succeeded: "true"
  status.failureReason: ""
  status.completionTimestamp: "2022-01-01T09:00:00Z"
  status.startTimestamp: "2022-01-01T09:00:07Z"
  status.result.avgLatencyNanoSec: "177000"
  status.result.maxLatencyNanoSec: "244000"
  status.result.measurementDurationSec: "5" <1>
  status.result.minLatencyNanoSec: "135000"
  status.result.sourceNode: "worker1"
  status.result.targetNode: "worker2"
----
<1> The actual measured latency in seconds.

. Delete the checkup job and config map resources that you previously created.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete job -n kiagnose kubevirt-vm-latency-checkup
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete config-map -n <target_namespace> kubevirt-vm-latency-checkup-config
----

> . Optional: If you do not plan to run another checkup, delete the cluster role and framework manifest files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: If you do not plan to run another checkup, delete the checkup's and framework's permissions manifest files.
```

apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: kubevirt-vm-latency-checkup-config
  namespace: <target_namespace>
data:

>   spec.image: registry.redhat.io/container-native-virtualization/vm-network-latency-checkup:v4.12.0

Author: @orelmisan Can you please confirm?

>   spec.image: registry.redhat.io/container-native-virtualization/vm-network-latency-checkup:v4.12.0

Reviewer 2: I need to check what is `HCOVersion attribute`.
For now its ok.

  spec.timeout: 5m
  spec.serviceAccountName: vm-latency-checkup-sa
  spec.param.network_attachment_definition_namespace: <target_namespace>
  spec.param.network_attachment_definition_name: "bridge-network"
  spec.param.max_desired_latency_milliseconds: "10"
  spec.param.sample_duration_seconds: "5"
  spec.param.source_node: "worker1"
  spec.param.target_node: "worker2"
  status.succeeded: "true"
  status.failureReason: ""
  status.completionTimestamp: "2022-01-01T09:00:00Z"
  status.startTimestamp: "2022-01-01T09:00:07Z"
  status.result.avgLatencyNanoSec: "177000"
  status.result.maxLatencyNanoSec: "244000" <1>
  status.result.measurementDurationSec: "5"
  status.result.minLatencyNanoSec: "135000"
  status.result.sourceNode: "worker1"
  status.result.targetNode: "worker2"
----
<1> The maximum measured latency in nanoseconds.

. Optional: To view the detailed job log in case of checkup failure, use the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc logs job.batch/kubevirt-vm-latency-checkup -n kiagnose

Reviewer 3: This will not work due to https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2134805

To fix it, we need to extend the cluster role on line 96 with https://github.com/kiagnose/kiagnose/pull/174/files#diff-c3f7b88b18be754cbf248f01b8d341fa013e99a7f2d77924b798c26a733f4e66R44-R51

Reviewer 3: @sjhala-ccs I talked with Orel. With the newly added 4.13->4.12 epic, this BZ becomes irrelevant. I will close the BZ and we will not need to extend the RBAC in this PR.

Even though the changes in this PR will need to be reworked while covering the new epic, I would still recommend merging this PR as it covers some new fields in the latency checkup that will remain relevant.

----

> . Delete the job and config map resources that you previously created.

Reviewer: Since this is two commands, I would try to draw attention to that by adding "...by running the following commands:"
